A Crawl Space - Where you'll find something the cat dragged in.
A Dozen Red Roses - When eleven just won't do.
A Flat Tire - "Whaddya mean, there's no spare?"
A Full Moon - "When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore!" -Dean Martin
A Honeymoon - America's top honeymoon spots are Hawaii, Niagara Falls, Las Vegas and Florida. You can get there by air, land, sea ... or shotgun.
A Sunrise - "But he who kisses the joy as it flies/ Lives in eternity's sunrise." -William Blake
A Sunset - The sun never set on the British Empire ... because God didn't trust the English in the dark.
Americans - How many Americans does it take to screw in a light bulb? THAT'S NOT FUNNY! WE'RE SUING!
Amputations - "A SCRATCH? Your arm's off!" -Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
Anthony Hopkins - 1937- , British actor starred in The Elephant Man, Howard's End, and, of course, The Silence Of The Lambs. Knighted in 1992.
Apple Pie - It's as American as ... as ... something ...
Apples - More than 40 million metric tons are produced worldwide every year. How 'bout them apples?
At My Parent's House - Like never-never land, you're never seen as an adult here.
Bad Dogs - Bad dog, bad dog. What'cha gonna do?
Bankruptcy - It'll be the debt of you.
Barfing - We didn't want to bring that up ...
Bart Simpson - Fictional animated character. Don't have a cow, man!"
Bates Motel - The haunt of Alfred Hitchcock's psycho, Norman Bates ... and mother, of course ...
Batman - How does Batman's mother call him home? "Dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner - BATMAN!"
Beanie Babies - Tiny plush collectibles to love and cherish. Don't take that tag off!
Beauty And The Beast - A tale as old as time ... so Disney didn't have to pay royalties.
Being In Love - "Love's like the measles, all the worse when it comes late." -Douglas Jerrold
Ben Stiller - 1965-, American actor, director, and funny guy of Reality Bites, There's Something About Mary, and Meet The Parents
Berlin - 1945 - Adolph Hitler's last stand. Bunker ... I mean -hunker down, soldier.
Body Surfing - When you're too cheap to buy a surfboard.
Boyfriends - "My boyfriend's back and you're gonna be in trouble." - The Angels
Brain Surgeons - Hey, it ain't brain surgery ... oh ... wait a second ...
Camping Trip - When you just have to get s'more nature.
Chicken Pox - Infectious disease usually contracted in childhood. Just don't scratch 'em!
Chimpanzees - Sure, they're related to us; but they don't write, and they NEVER call!
China - The most populous country in the world. More than one-fifth of the world's total population lives within its borders.
Clark Gable - 1901-60, American film actor, noted as a romantic lead. Frankly, my dear, he didn't give a damn.
Cleaning The Bathroom - It's YOUR turn!
Clowns - They would be really funny if they weren't so darn scary.
Cockroaches - Annoying insects that can survive a nuclear war. Fortunately, they can't survive the heel of your shoe.
Commuting - The daily grind. And we're not talking coffee.
Computer Hackers - We didn't mean to shut down the entire government ...
Confucius - c. 551-479 BC, K'ung Fu-Tzu, Chinese philosopher and one of the most influential figures in Chinese history.
Cow-Pies - When dried, these "cow chips" are hurled discus-like over great distances. It's true.
Creamed Corn - Eat it, it's good for you.
Custer's Last Stand - 1866, Little Big Horn. Very big mistake.
Dark Alleys - Don't go there!
Darth Vader - "Luke ... (wheeze) .. I am ... (wheeze) ... your father ... and you don't write, you don't call ... NOTHING."
Deer Hunting - Nooo! Nooooo! Not BAMBI'S MOTHER!
Demi Moore - 1962-, American actor in St. Elmo's Fire, Ghost and GI Jane.
Detroit - The Motor City is the world's foremost automobile manufacturing center, and the tenth largest city in the U.S.
Disneyland - You've just won the "Apples to Apples(R) Grand Masters Tournament." Where're you gonna go?
Divorce - It's a trial separation that goes to trial.
Doctors - Over twenty years of education and they're still "practicing" medicine?
Doing The Dishes - You wash, I'll watch.
E-Mail - You've got JUNK mail!
Ear Wax - A waxy, yellowish substance that protects the ear from dust, bacteria, and from hearing things you don't want to hear.
East Coast - From New England to Florida. They're not like folks 'round here ...
Feminists - Political and social activists who support selected women's causes.
Firestorms - Some severe wildfires require more than 10,000 firefighters. And, wouldn't ya know it, some idiot parked in front of the hydrant!
Fireworks - Includes firecrackers, Roman candles, and bottle rockets. It's all fun until someone loses an eye ... and a nose ... and an arm ...
First Man On The Moon - July 20, 1969. "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind." -Neil A. Armstrong
Flipper - American television dolphin of the 1960's ... like Lassie, only wetter.
Freckles - No matter what they tell you, freckles won't grow together to form a great-looking tan.
Gall Bladder - Where excess bile is stored. Stored for what, we don't know.
Gang Members - "When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way..." -West Side Story
Garth Brooks - 1962- , American country music singer and songwriter. He's got friends in low places.
Georgia O'Keeffe - 1887-1986, American abstract painter known for her still life compositions. Her skull paintings prove that beauty is more than skin deep.
Gingko Trees - An Asiatic tree, Gingko biloba, known for its fan shaped leaves. We can't remember what it's good for.
Girl Scouts - I'll take six boxes of Thin Mints and three of the ... you know, the kind with the peanut butter.
Girlfriends - Girlfriend - let's talk!
Glaciers - It'll be a cold day when we see THEM again ...
Glazed Donuts - If you're going to be late, take a box of donuts.
Going To Grandma's - "Grandmother, what big teeth you have!" -Little Red Riding Hood
Going To School - Secondary education? It's elementary.
Going To The Dentist - This won't hurt a bit ...
Greenpeace - International organization dedicated to preserving the Earth's natural resources, and its diverse plant and animal life.
Halloween - October 31, the eve of All Saints' Day, celebrated with costumes, treats, and scary stuff. Not just for kids any more!
Hangnails - We've fingered the cause of the pain.
Hawaii - The eight islands that make up America's 50th state entered the Union on August 21, 1959.
HMOs - Heath Maintenance Organizations. Here's to your health ...
Homer Simpson - Fictional cartoon character created by Matt Groening. D'oh!
Hot Lava - There's no better way to serve it.
Hummingbirds - Why do hummingbirds hum? Because they don't know the words ... ... da-dum, dum!
Humphrey Bogart - 1899-1957, American film actor, starred in such classics as The Maltese Falcon and Casablanca. "Here's looking at you kid."
Icebergs - May reach 300 to 500 feet above the oceans's surface. Ask the captain of the Titanic about the 90 percent that's UNDER water.
India - The world's seventh largest country by area, but the second most populous, with one billion people.
Intellectuals - They think they're so smart.
Jack Nicholson - 1937- , American motion-picture actor of "Chinatown," "Terms Of Endearment" and "The Shining." He's as good as it gets!
Jackie Chan - 1954-, actor, director, martial artist. Screen name, Sing Lung, means "Becoming the Dragon." That's "MISTER Becoming the Dragon" to you!
Japan - An Asian constitutional monarchy. The capital city is Tokyo. Let's see ... sushi, Godzilla, earthquakes ...
Japanese - How many Japanese does it take to screw in a light bulb? Who needs light bulbs when you've got OUR new technology!
Jerry Springer - 1944- , controversial talk-show host. Don't those people know that millions of us are watching?
Jesse Ventura - 1951-, wrestler, Navy Seal, and former governor of Minnesota. Author of I Ain't Got Time To Bleed.
Jimmy Stewart - 1908-97, America's favorite self-image. Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Rear Window, Vertigo, and It's a Wonderful Life, ... and it probably was.
Joan Of Arc - 1412-31, patron saint of France who decisively turned the tide of the Hundred Years' War, which really burned her up.
Judge Judy - Ms. Sheindlin presides over real-life cases on this TV courtroom show. "I'm the boss, applesauce!"
Julia Roberts - 1967-, American actor and Pretty Woman. Also starred in Steel Magnolias, My Best Friend's Wedding, and Erin Brockovich.
Keanu Reeves - 1964- , American actor of Bill And Ted's Excellent Adventure, The Matrix and Speed. Keanu means "cool breeze over the mountains."
Knock-Knock Jokes - Who's there?
Labor Unions - Look for the Union label. And, while you're at it, look for Jimmy Hoffa ...
Lawyers - We'd throw some joke in here, but we're afraid of getting sued.
Lemons - When life gives you lemons, make lemonade ... or, in the case of a car, take it back. There's a law, you know!
Lenin's Tomb - We'd love to visit Lenin's Tomb, but it's probably just another communist plot.
London - Founded even before the Romans reached England's shores, now the capital of Great Britain.
Losing Your Job - They just didn't understand me!
Mad Cow Disease - Degenerative brain disorder in cattle. The reason they don't know enough to come in out of the rain?
Magic Tricks - "Nothin' up my sleeve ..." - Bullwinkle
Manhattan - I'll take Manhattan!.
Mardi Gras - Fat Tuesday marks the final day before the Christian fast of Lent, a 40-day period of self-denial and abstinence. SO LET'S PARTY!
Marriage - If love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage ... who's the horse?
Meg Ryan - 1961- , American actor and girl-next-door star of When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless In Seattle, and You've Got Mail.
Men In Black - We're not here. You don't see us. The government did NOT send us.
Mice - "The best-laid schemes o' mice an' men ..." -Robert Burns
Michelle Pfeiffer - 1957-, American actor whose career began with Grease 2. She'd like us to forget that but remember her Oscar nominations.
Microsoft - A leading American software company. We'd say more but we don't want to monopolize your time ...
Mold - Fuzzy growth produced on organic matter by several types of fungi. Particularly attracted to students' refrigerators
My Dreams - "What dreams may come ..." -Shakespeare's Hamlet
My Family - They'll drive you nuts. As long as you do the same to them, it's all even.
My Future - "The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades ..." -Timbuk-3
My High School Prom - As if adolescence isn't awkward and painful enough ...
My Mind - It's a terrible thing to waste.
My Neighborhood - "Please, won't you be my neighbor?" -Fred Rogers
My Past - What's past is past ... unless you're a politician ...
My Personality - "I'm good enough, smart enough and, gosh darn it, people like me." -Stewart Smalley played by Al Franken
My Refrigerator - It's a science experiment!
New York City - America's most populous city. So good, they named it twice.
Noisy Neighbors - WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
Nuclear Power Plants - "You've turned a potential Chernobyl into a mere Three Mile Island." -Montgomery Burns, "The Simpsons"
NYPD - The New York Police Department. They're so good, they have their own TV show.
Oxygen - Oxygen was discovered in 1774. You'd think someone would have noticed it earlier.
Pigs - Domesticated mammal of the swine family. Thaaa ... thaaa ... that's all, folks!
Pirates - "Yo, ho, yo, ho, a pirate's life for me ..." - Pirates of the Caribbean
Playing Chess - Has tantalized many of the world's greatest minds for almost 14 centuries. It just confuses the rest of us.
Princess Di - 1962-97, beloved English Princess who died in an auto crash. "Good-bye England's Rose ..." -Elton John
Pro Wrestling - They're just faking it. But then, so are we.
Puff Daddy - 1971- , American rap artist. "I'll be Missing You" shot him to stardom; no pun intended.
Pulling Weeds - It's either this or chemical warfare.
Quicksand - Just don't let it get you down.
Rainbows - "Someday they'll find it/ The Rainbow Connection/ The lovers, the dreamers and me ..." -Kermit the Frog
Rappers - PAENTAL ADVISORY EXPLICIT CONTENT Hasn't seemed to hurt sales...
Recreational Vehicles - If they're trying to get away from it all, why are they taking it all with them?
Remote Controls - The world's handiest invention. That is, if you can find it.
Republicans - A U.S. political party symbolized by an elephant ... and don't forget it!
Richard Nixon - 1913-94, 37th President of the United States and the only president to have resigned from office. At least that's what the tapes say ...
Road Kill - Mmmmmm. Them's good eatin'.
Rock And Roll -It's here to stay!
Rock Concert - If it's too loud - you're too old.
Rocket Scientists - Hey! They're not rocket scie ... oh ... never mind.
Rolling The Car - You'll flip for this one ...
Roman Numerals - There's a I in VII chance you'll know them.
Romeo And Juliet - William Shakespeare's best known play, written in 1595. Youthful love and hasty temperaments.
Root Beer Floats - Actually, it's the ice cream that floats!
Rosie O'Donnell - 1962-, American actor and comedian. She's in a league of her own!
Russia - The world's largest country, spanning 11 time zones. Famous for borscht, ballet, chess and vodka -just don't mix them.
San Francisco - California's City by the Bay. Where many hearts are left.
Saturn - Sixth planet from the sun, and the second largest in the solar system. Has a nice ring to it, don't you think?
Scavenger Hunt - OK kids, here's your list: a marshmallow, a safety pin, a red rubber band, and a moon rock. Go find 'em!
Schindler's List - 1993 Steven Spielberg film. Powerful real-life story of a Catholic businessman who eventually saved over 1000 Jews in Nazi Poland.
Shania Twain - 1965- , Canadian country singer and songwriter. "Shania" means "I'm on my way" in Ojibwa.
Silly Putty - It's putty in your hands!
Skateboarding - It's just going downhill ... down stairs ... down ramps ...
Sleeping Pills - I remember taking them ... I just ... don't rememmer ... how mamy.
Smithsonian Institution - Located in Washington, D.C., the largest museum complex in the world. Wouldn't that be a great garage sale?
Speeding Tickets - "No, officer, I don't have any idea how fast I was going."
Stephen King - 1947- , American author of horror novels, who's sold more than 100 million copies of his books. Talk about frightening ...
Steven Spielberg - 1947-, American movie director and producer, and overachiever. From E.T. to Schindler's List... too many to list.
Stubbed Toes - It'll feel better when it quits hurting.
Summer Camp - If the bugs don't get you, the poison ivy will!
Taking A Bath - Bathing facilities have been found in excavations in India from before 2000 BC. Soap-on-a-Rope hasn't.
Telemarketers - "No, thank you ... No, I'm not interested ... No, I have to go now ..."
The 1960s - Pros: the Moon Lsnding, the music. Cons: hippies who refuse to believe they're over.
The 1980s - Pros: meant the end of the 1970s. Cons: '80s nostalgia.
The Beatles - 1960s British band. Only the most revolutionary, influential and universally acclaimed group of the 20th century. That's all.
The CIA - The Central Intelligence Agency is responsible for keeping the U.S. government informed of foreign actions affecting the nation's interest.
The Eiffel Tower - Designed and built by French engineer Alexandre Gustave Eiffel for the Paris World's Fair of 1889.
The End Of The World - "It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel fine ..." -REM
The FBI - The Federal Bureau of Investigation: the investigative agency for the U.S. Department of Justice. They're listening ...
The Godfather - The 1972 critically acclaimed Mafia movie that made us as offer we couldn't refuse.
The Grand Canyon - 217 miles long, 4 to 18 miles wide, and more than 1 mile deep. Now THAT'S grand.
The KKK - If they're supposed to be the master race, why do they keep misspelling "Clan"?
The Land Of Oz - "I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore, Toto." -Dorothy, "The Wizard Of Oz"
The Midwest - America's central plains states. They're not like folks 'round here ...
The Mississippi River - The Algonquin words "Misi sipi" mean "big river." What's Algonquin for "muddy"?
The New York Yankees - Legendary American baseball team. With so much success, it's obvious why they're reviled.
The NRA - National Rifle Association. They're gunning for your vote.
The Ocean - How deep is the ocean? 12,000 feet. If they'd known that, maybe they wouldn't have written that stupid song.
The Old Man And The Sea - Ernest Hemingway's classic novel - fishing, hunger, fishing, torment, fishing, personal loss ... fishing ...
The Opera - It ain't over 'til the fat lady sings. Unfortunately, sometimes, not even then.
The San Andreas Fault - Geological feature in California stretching 600 miles. Like the state doesn't have enough faults already.
The South - Dixie: South of the Mason-Dixon line, that is. They're not like folks 'round here ...
The YMCA - The Young Men's Christian Association has 30 million members in 110 countries. "It's fun to stay at the Y-M-C-A." -The Village People
Toasters - Wait -don't stick that fork in there!
Tobacco Companies - Who says tobacco's not addictive? THEY can't give it up ...
Toys - They're not just for kids, anymore ...
Truck Stops - Breakfast 24 hours a day and you're on your way.
Underwear - "Let's keep this brief."
Vacations - "Vacation, all I ever wanted, Vacation, had to get away ..." -Go-Go's
Violins - It's a pain in the neck, but keep practicing.
Water Parks - You can go down Dead Man's Drop and I'll take the Lazy River.
Waterfalls - "Don't go chasing waterfalls..." -TLC
Wheat - Mainly used in flour. World output of wheat is more than 600 million metric tons a year ... so someone's making a lot of dough.
Will Smith - 1968- , Successful American rap star, TV star and wildly successful motion picture star. He's got it all. We hate him.
Women's Soccer - The 1999 World Cup finals was the most-watched women's sporting event in history.